Elegant.
So another option that we talk about it in the preview it's due V.M. over.
Right.
This option will be available only if you chills into details to enable do the improv right.
If you disable the VM overnight in this place right there if you just want the VM.
All right.
We're not going to work right.
That's you in not have been a mission to do this task.
So you see it does not show us any option to it it even if we add our virtual machine.
So before you will be able to do the right you need to enable it from do the rest sitting.
So in the DNS we need to enable
video virtual machine automation level then click OK then we back to the VM override and we chose up
on VM override and then we we are on veteran machine.
In my situation I want to exclude when center front or dead is to avoid any migration.
Of course he can't migrate this machine because it's consumed about changing about of the rent and the
other.
Yes I do not have 10 gigabytes of Raw.
So let's just exclude.
No we have this option is available.
As you see here we can use the clusters.
That's me.
This machine shall respect the rule of the cluster.
Then we can chose fully automated.
That's mean in case that you have the RSA cluster configured it to be manually or to be partially or
automatically you can make this machine fully automated that's me.
If the cluster the rest of the cluster see that this machine should be migrated from it is because I
treat Isak's I want he can do it automatically.
Even if I chose to configure the DNS as manually This is the option of the following magic but in our
tradition which is fully automatic so we can use partially automated that's mean second option or do
manually.
That's mean he can migrate any virtual machine to get the right balance in the cluster.
But if he does stay to migrate to this machine but when Center him need to get my permission to do it.
Then we have the disable that's me.
Disable this virtual machine from the master.
That's mean the rest of this cluster.
Don't do anything to this machine and this option that we're going to do in my situation to avoid any
attack happened or on to this virtual machine.
So we click OK.
No we have the route of the VM override in do when Santror of course we can add any virtual machine
and onny as much as you want.
So for example to machine.
OK you give it some option.
Bastiaan Folley manually or disable then this option is not available for now.
And of course we have some other fear rule and configuration and the video machine automation LaVette
is enabled.
This is a quick overview about the dress.
It's funny on my tip so you know which one you should chose.
Right component to do the rest of course will cancel this option right now.
So this is the V.M..
All right.
So next we'll see Sam V.M. House.
Good to see you in the next.